During the Korean War, also known as the 6.25 War, a large number of refugees gathered in Busan.
As the population rapidly increased, there was no flat land left to build houses.
As a result, many people moved up the hillsides.
One of those hillsides was Ami-dong.
This area had originally been a Japanese cemetery.
After Korea’s liberation, the cemetery remained.
For refugees, it became a practical place to build simple shelters from wind and rain.
Building a house requires a strong foundation.
However, at that time, construction materials were extremely scarce.
As a result, large tombstones were often used as retaining walls or even as floors.
Gravestones were also used as foundations, pillars, walls, and sometimes even as stair steps.
At the entrance of the village, there is a well-known example called the “House on the Gravestone.”
According to historical records, when human remains were discovered during construction,
they were treated with respect and sometimes moved to nearby temples.